From: apj@msubmit.net
Subject: Referee's report on ApJ/ApJS92163
Date: September 16, 2013 11:36:18 AM EDT
To: gbryan@astro.columbia.edu
Cc: apjss@psu.edu
Reply-To: apjss@psu.edu, apjjournal@gmail.com

September 16, 2013 

Prof. Greg Bryan
Columbia University
Department of Astronomy
550 West 120 Street
New York, NY 10027


Title: Enzo: An Adaptive Mesh Refinement Code for Astrophysics

Dear Prof. Bryan,

We have received the referee's report on your above submission to The
Astrophysical Journal, and it is appended below. As you will see, the
referee thinks highly of your work. The referee recommends splitting
the paper into two, with a separate revised paper describing testing
of the algorithms, and a first paper discussing the physics in the
code. In my opinion you should seriously consider this option, and I
would recommend going along with this advise.

When you resubmit the manuscript, please include a cover letter in
which you outline in detail the specific changes you have made in
response to each of the referee's comments.

Click the link below to upload your revised manuscript;  [REDACTED BY BWO]

Alternatively, you may also log into your account at the EJ Press web
site, http://apj.msubmit.net. Please use your user's login name:
gbryan. You can then ask for a new password via the Unknown/Forgotten
Password link if you have forgotten your password.

Reviewers typically find it helpful if the changes in the text of the
manuscript are easily distinguishable from the rest of the text. One
convenient way to do this is to have them print in bold letters. The
highlighting can be removed after the review.

The Astrophysical Journal has adopted a new policy that manuscript
files become inactive, and are considered to have been withdrawn, six
months after the most recent referee's report goes to the authors,
provided a revised version has not been received by that time.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,
Steinn Sigurdsson
ApJ Scientific Editor
Pennsylvania State University
apjss@psu.edu

---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Referee Report
Reviewer's Comments:

The paper describes the algorithms implemented in the publicly
available Enzo code for computational astrophysics. The paper is
clearly intended to be the standard reference for the code, and, as
such documents a very wide range of algorithms. However, the paper is
let down due to the lack of tests presented for many of the algorithms
presented in the paper. In particular, the only test presented for the
MHD algorithm is the Orszag-Tang vortex test, which 'does not seem to
be extremely discriminating for MHD algorithms' (Stone et al.,
2008). In addition, results from some tests, such as the
photo-evaporation test, do not seem to be properly compared to prior
results in the literature (e.g. Jiang et al. 2012). Finally, no tests
appear to be presented for some tests entirely, e.g. the Chemistry
algorithms presented in Section 6.1. These problems serve to undercut
the usefulness of the paper as a standard reference for the Enzo
code. Given the papers length as it currently stands, it seems
appropriate to split the paper into two. One paper should document the
basic algorithms (e.g. AMR, hydro, MHD and gravity implementations)
along with an appropriate range of tests based on standard tests from
the literature. The second paper should document the microphysics
options (chemistry, radiation, thermal conductivity, etc.)









